[narrator] Allow me to introduce
the fourth member
of the Shuchiin Academy
Student Council,
Treasurer Yu Ishigami.
[mysterious music playing]
[snap echoes]
He’s an indispensible part
of the team,
but he keeps a low profile,
hence why we’re
just now meeting him.
Despite Ishigami’s
best efforts,
President Shirogane
noticed his talents
and recruited him
to the student council.
Here’s this month’s
financial report.
‐ Great.
‐ He’s been biding his time...
Thank you.
Prez, I want to quit
the student council.
...waiting for a chance
to resign from his post?
[Japanese music playing]
Wow, this is
certainly unexpected.
Please tell me you’re
just kidding, Ishigami!
We’ll go bankrupt without you!
I’m begging!
[narrator] Yu Ishigami,
a real whiz when it comes
to data processing.
At Shuchiin Academy,
only the president is elected.
Other council members
are appointed
based on their abilities,
as judged by the president.
Ishigami’s status
as the only first‐year
on the student council
speaks to his great talent.
Normally he takes his work home
and only comes
to the council room
for meetings,
but he’s still
a full‐fledged member.
He may be
an enigmatic introvert,
but he’s also
an excellent treasurer.
Or should I say he was
an excellent treasurer?
I’m sorry. If I could do
something about it, I would.
‐ That reason is?
‐ That reason is...
I think someone
is planning to murder me.
Eh?!
‐ It’s Shinomiya.
‐ Her?
She’s gonna end it all.
Why?
What makes you think that?
‐ Her eyes.
‐ Eh?
Eyes are organs that are
connected directly to the brain.
Half of the brain
is constantly being used
as a visual processor.
Eye movements can indicate
one’s source of fear,
as well as desires.
They’re basically a window
into the mind’s activities.
I can see 5% to 6%
of someone’s true nature
just by looking into their eyes.
Wait. 6%?
I could do that much
by guessing randomly.
It only happens sometimes,
but Shinomiya looks at me
a certain way.
Feels like she has
an intent to kill.
It does?
What happened between you two?
It all started last month.
[tape rips]
You know, President,
people say that relaxing
at a coffee shop
is a fine way to reduce stress.
Where’d these come from?
I don’t really frequent
coffee shops, though.
They seem like
a waste of money to me.
Oh, too bad.
Though things might be different
if you had a coupon.
If only one was lying around.
[scraping]
Yeah, coupons are great.
You might actually catch me
at one if they were cheaper.
[gasps]
[grunts]
‐ [rock music playing]
‐ Eh?
[music playing over headphones]
[gasps]
Forget you saw those coupons,
or they’ll be
the last things you remember.
What happened between us?
She threatened me,
so I can’t say.
Eh?
And I have
this bone‐chilling feeling
that I wouldn’t
be her first kill.
What did you do?
Beats me.
But last week...
[mysterious music playing]
I know this is kinda random,
but do you have a thing
for the president?
No! ’Course I don’t!
Where on Earth did you
get an idea like that?
What a ridiculous notion.
So you don’t see him
as a romantic interest.
No. Just friends.
[whimpers]
Are you sure?
[gasps] Really,
why can’t you people
let that dumb rumor drop?
Too bad.
I thought the two of them would
make a pretty good couple.
Then I’ll let the Prez know
that you don’t see him that way.
I’ll keep it subtle, though.
[gasps]
[gagging]
You will tell him no such thing.
Do you understand, Ishigami?
Do you?
[swallows]
She’s a trained assassin, Prez.
How do you figure?
Only a pro would use the edge
of a couch to strangle someone.
You can’t honestly believe
that she was trained to kill.
If she wasn’t trained, then it
must come naturally to her.
There’s blood lust in her eyes.
You put too much faith
in that 5% to 6%!
Fujiwara’s
in even more danger than I am.
Have you ever noticed the way
Shinomiya stares at her?
My best estimate is that she has
another two months to live, max.
Where are you getting
these numbers?!
[Shirogane] Come on, man.
Be sensible.
I am. All of us need to watch
our backs around her.
‐ [door creaks]
‐ President.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [tense string music playing]
Ishigami’s with you, isn’t he?
[both scream]
Someone has to pay.
His life shouldn’t
be the payment, right?!
I’m talking about
the theater club budget.
Why should he
have to die for that?!
Ohhh!
Will you shut up and
listen to what I’m saying?
[gasps]
‐ [shudders]
‐ Did you forget?
I told you I was planning
to help the theater club today
with all of their
costume fittings, remember?
Oh...
I admit it may
have slipped my mind,
but was bringing the fake knife
really necessary?
Not really, no.
I just thought it’d be fun
to tease you with it a little.
[giggles]
I’m sorry.
Cute.
Don’t be fooled
by this obvious trap.
She acts cute
to get your guard down,
then takes you
straight to stab central.
[gasps]
‐ [tense string music playing]
‐ Stop that.
You’re freaking me out, man.
We both know
that it’s just a costume
and she hasn’t killed anyone.
[gasping] Help me!
‐ [gags]
‐ [both shudder]
[rasping] Please help me...
[moaning]
’Cause Kaguya stuck a knife
in my chest.
‐ [laughs]
‐ She did?!
Do you really think
she’d be smiling
if I had just murdered her
in cold blood?
Oh, that’s a good point.
No, President.
It’s another trap.
She may look alive,
but it’s only because Shinomiya
performed some
horrible surgery on her.
[Shirogane] Ishigami, relax.
You’re letting your paranoia
get the best of you.
Shinomiya’s a lot of things,
but a murderer
isn’t one of them.
Friends are supposed to be
the people you trust, right?
I suppose.
Yeah, guess they are.
[Shirogane]
That’s pretty realistic.
[Fujiwara] I know!
How’s it attached, anyway?
Oh, it’s just wedged in there.
‐ Sha‐bam!
‐ I see.
Sorry I asked.
What a concept,
trusting friends.
‐ Ishigami.
‐ [gasps]
About what happened before...
thanks so much
for keeping it to yourself.
Silence is a virtue, is it not?
If you’d chosen to blab, then...
[tense music playing]
Just trust.
...this knife of mine
wouldn’t be a toy.
[grunts]
One more thing.
Try not to trouble
the president in the future.
What I mean is
you’re in no way resigning.
[gasps]
Do you wanna try stabbing me?
If she knows that I
tried to resign, then...
what the hell else
did she hear?
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
Ishigami lives...
in a horror movie.
[woman screams]
‐ [harp plays]
‐ A cage made to contain animals
sits in front of you.
When you picture it, how many
cute kitty cats are inside?
That’s quite
the abstract hypothetical
you’ve come up with.
It’s from a library book,
not me.
I’m psychologically
testing you.
By simply answering
this seemingly random question,
we can get a clear insight
into your subconscious.
Yeah, right.
The subconscious
is way too complex
to get cracked
by a question like that.
Come on. Just humor me.
How many kitties? [giggles]
‐ I guess about nine cats?
‐ [meowing]
[Fujiwara laughs] Which means
you eventually want
to have nine kids of your own!
No way!
She hit the nail on the head!
‐ That’s a lot of babies.
‐ Nine?
‐ I feel sorry for your...
‐ That many?
[narrator] Psychological tests,
abstract questions designed
to reveal inner truths.
Although most are just a waste
of print and time,
utilizing the Barnum effect
to entertain people,
some are actually practical
and based on psychology.
If you fail to put thought
into your answers
because you think these tests
are all fun and games,
you might end up regretting it.
That question was good,
but I have even better ones.
‐ Let’s do ’em together.
‐ [groans]
Hold on.
You want all of us to answer?
Yes.
Here we go.
"So you’re walking along,
and the path
you’re traveling is dark.
Suddenly someone taps you
on the shoulder from behind.
Who’s the person
who tapped you?"
‐ Hmm.
Can you give me a hint?
Sorry, but this ain’t
that kind of quiz, President.
‐ Oh, yeah.
‐ A dark path, huh?
What could a question like that
be getting at?
[snickers]
[chuckles] Psych!
I already know.
It’s the second question
on page 47.
And the answer reveals
who keeps you up at night.
If the president
has me on his mind,
he’s about to confess
his subconscious love.
[narrator] Kaguya’s
as prepared as ever.
She’s known Fujiwara since
they were in middle school
and is intimately familiar
with her behavioral patterns.
As soon as Kaguya
saw this book
on the library’s
list of purchases,
she predicted that
the flighty secretary
would discover it and
bring it to student council.
So she’s already read
that thing front to back.
"...squirrel out in the wild
and decide to bring it home."
Did she overprepare?
Of course she did.
Well, let’s see.
I’d make it yummy food
every day
and always give it a massage
before bedtime.
Your answer reveals
how you’ll treat your spouse
after you get married.
Hee hee.
[narrator] But she can
dance across this minefield
of embarrassing questions
blindfolded now.
She’s given herself
a huge advantage.
That person would be you,
Fujiwara.
[gasps] Wow,
is it really me?
[laughs]
A darkened path
makes me think of...
‐ [tense string music playing]
‐ [squawks]
[panting]
[murder of crows squawking]
[gasps]
Why are you running so fast?
Got somewhere to be?
For me,
it’s Shinomiya, hands down.
Wait. What? Uh...
I didn’t know he felt that way.
He’s a nice guy,
and I like him well enough,
but girls don’t date
boys they see as bugs.
That’s just not
how the world works.
[narrator] Damn. Rejected.
Now then, what will
the president’s answer be?
[sighs]
I’m afraid of dark,
scary places like this.
Will you please walk me home,
President?
Honestly, the person I‐‐
‐ [snickers]
‐ Hold on!
Why is Fujiwara
grinning at me like that?
She said she had even better
questions than the baby one,
and knowing how obsessed
she is with love,
I have a pretty good idea
what qualifies as better
in her book.
If the answer turns out
to be the person I like...
Why, President,
it appears that you’ve
subconsciously
fallen in love with me.
[laughs]
You really are quite cute.
...it would be
an accidental confession.
The best answer here
is one that’s believable,
yet unrelated
to everyone present.
I’ve got it.
The person I see is...
my sister.
‐ [groans]
‐ Meh.
Well, it says here
the person who taps you
‐ is also your secret crush.
‐ [Ishigami shudders]
Which means the president
has a sister complex.
I thought you’d be
more creative than that.
Yep, I have a sister complex.
[shuddering] So I’m secretly
in love with Shinomiya?
[gasping]
Huh?
[screams] My subconscious
needs to get a grip!
President, I think
I have Stockholm syndrome,
so I’m going home.
[Shirogane] Oh, okay.
Feel better soon.
It could also be
the suspension bridge effect.
I’ll make a pit stop
at the hospital.
I wanna ask you guys
more of these questions,
so let’s find some online.
Oh, no.
I didn’t think to research
anything other
than the library book.
[gasps] This one’s cute!
"You’re in the middle
of a beautiful flower field.
The owner of the field
says that you can take home
as many flowers
as your heart desires,
so how many
will you take with you?"
[narrator]
That’s some fairly ambiguous
symbolism right there.
[echoing] Flowers, huh?
I’d want to be really picky
and only take
the prettiest ones,
so probably not more than two.
[Shinomiya] Well, I suppose
I’d want to take enough flowers
to make myself a nice bouquet.
Oh, would you?
This could be trouble.
I answered honestly
without thinking.
That just leaves you, President.
[grunts] Since I don’t have
to say a specific name
like last time,
I should be safe.
And you say these flowers
are all free?
Then there’s
only one option to choose.
I’d cram as many as I could
into a big truck.
To be honest,
I might rent a second truck.
Oh, that’s right. You’re poor.
What would you do with
a mountain of flowers, anyway?
I don’t know.
I’d probably try to sell...
[Shinomiya]
Let’s see what it says.
[fanfare plays]
[shudders]
[truck beeping]
What do our answers mean?
It, um, shows
how much we love flowers.
Neat, huh?
I never would have guessed.
‐ What?! But I love flowers.
‐ How lame.
See, this is why you
can’t trust the Internet.
‐ I agree.
‐ Anyway...
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
‐ Shirogane loses.
‐ [Fujiwara] You’re right.
[girl] Want to grab
a smoothie on the way home?
‐ [girl 2] Sure. Why not?
‐ I’m gonna get celery.
I can’t decide what to go with.
[both] Hmm?
I’m totes sorry, girls.
I have work today, so, yeah,
gotta go straight there.
‐ What? Again?
‐ You work way too much.
We’ll just take
a rain check then.
[Hayasaka] Like, for sure.
[sighs]
Time for us to go home,
Lady Kaguya.
Hayasaka, you know better
than to come into
the student council room.
I made certain that
the president and the others
were gone before I came in.
Rest assured.
You know carelessness
can be fatal, right?
It seems to me that you’ve
been slipping up lately.
Your collar’s missing,
your nails are painted,
and your skirt’s
too short.
Just how many rules
are you breaking?
None of these things
are actual violations.
I’m bending the rules.
You should try it sometime.
[Shinomiya] Oh, should I?
For women such as us,
beauty is power.
The women we’re competing with
are using every tool
at their disposal.
Rely on the gifts of nature,
and you will fall behind.
Furthermore,
you’re far too uptight.
These days,
the least a girl should do
is polish her nails.
If you’re hoping to catch
the eye of a boy at this school,
you should take an interest
in your appearance.
Really? You think
the president will‐‐
I mean boys will think
I’m more attractive
if I just do my nails?
How on Earth have you managed
to conceal your feelings
for this long?
[sighs] But yes.
[narrator] Hayasaka knows
that painted nails
have very little to do with
attracting the fellas, but...
Boys love ’em.
Come on.
Let’s go home
and give you a manicure.
...she really wants
to give Kaguya a manicure.
No, wait. Maybe we should
start with something smaller.
[narrator]
Not only are gel nails pretty,
they’re technically permitted
by Shuchiin’s dress code.
You could even add
a few rhinestones
for a little extra flair.
I wonder what
the president will think.
Will he even notice?
If he does,
he’ll probably think
it’s pointless or something.
You painted your nails?
Why?
Oh, no reason.
I don’t know why,
but I hope that’s not the case.
Maybe I should
just go home today.
[Shirogane] What are you doing?
[squeals]
Are you not going in?
No, I am. Why wouldn’t I?
[door opens]
Oh, got a question.
I’m just a teeny,
tiny bit confused.
Uh, well, what about?
Are you hiding a surprise
behind your back?
No, of course not.
Huh?
It’s like she has
a sixth sense
that’s specially attuned
to detect things
as frivolous as she is.
I don’t need her shouting
about my nails.
I want the president
to notice them himself!
I should get closer.
President, here you go,
the minutes
from our last meeting.
Ah, thanks a lot.
Stare.
Oh, Fujiwara caught
a mistake right here.
Right. Where?
Oh, I see.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Yeah, that’s wrong.
‐ Eh?
‐ Good save.
Go, team.
[Shirogane laughs]
He really didn’t notice.
Shinomiya has nail polish on!
How?! Does he find me
so unappealing
that he tries not to look?!
I don’t get it.
She’s never cared
about fashion before.
She always dressed plainly,
as if she were a beautiful swan
with no need for adornment.
The question is,
should I bring it up?
You’ve got nice,
childbearing hips.
[gasps]
What if I sexually
harass her by mistake?!
Like the other other day...
I think your legs are a little
too long for that skirt.
What? I’m not wearing this
for you, idiot.
That’s sexual harassment.
Go jump in traffic.
I was just trying to be
a good older brother.
[groans]
The only person who can
get away with saying anything
is the person
the look was intended for,
but it’s natural to admit
when you take note
of something, isn’t it?
I don’t see Shinomiya reacting
any worse than my sister did.
[tone chimes]
Hey, Fujiwara...
did you change your conditioner?
[gasps] You can tell?
Yeah, I can.
Your hair smells different
than it used to.
[all gasp]
Maybe it’s because it’s
kinda stuffy in here today,
but your hair smells
about 20 times sweeter
than it usually does.
A catch of whiff
of honey‐glazed baby
every time you walk by.
That’s actually really...
creepy. [laughs]
‐ [man vocalizing]
‐ I’m creepy.
I want to die,
so I’m going home.
Sure. But please don’t die.
It was supposed
to be a compliment.
I think babies smell
kind of nice.
[Fujiwara] Babies are stinky!
Do I smell like a diaper?!
That’s rough.
The day Shinomiya
calls me creepy,
I might choose death myself.
[sniffing]
There’s no way
I can bring up her nails now.
My reputation
as a respectable, noncreepy guy
is at stake here.
Mm, wait.
Is that just an excuse?
This shouldn’t be an issue.
Complimenting people
isn’t this complicated.
Which means the real problem...
is that I’m just
too shy to do it.
In the end, he never
did notice my manicure,
but it’s probably
better that way.
I’ve never had
any talent for fashion.
Why did I pretend otherwise?
The fact is some girls
just aren’t cut out to be cute.
Shinomiya!
[grunts]
Hey, your nails...
[panting]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [heart thumps]
they, uh‐‐[stammering]
Oh, never mind!
[gasps] Wait!
Get back here!
What was it
you were trying to say?!
It’s embarrassing
how cute he is.
Almost hurts.
[whimpers]
Hmm?
Come on.
Tell me.
It’s something
they have in common.
Wh‐What was he gonna say?
Do you know, Hayasaka?
He mentioned my nails
before he darted off,
so do you think
he was gonna compliment them.
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle...
‐ Answer, Hayasaka!
‐ Kaguya wins.
[sobs]
‐ [static crackles]
‐ Oh.
[Japanese music playing]